three and a half seconds kd well in general
no this is anyway you
case of 3
yes I get on the run from the guard all
Then if you calculate q5 -5 damage there
per minute count Eugene please
what will he do then with one and
second tank combined square-5 addition
of this parameter that apt-5 are leaving for
map kill all the best tank but again
same most important this tank as its except
its performance is use on
certain parts of the maps and here we have
here by trial and error
three moves and shared in the form of these
positions not just used here
there somewhere from and somewhere around a dozen well
thank you very much for the characteristics but
practice we see
and once again there you saw that 100
dozens well, well, how would I be but not
put it on them that's how to try
there look for the perfect start for
team battle is there too
characteristics characteristic at the very
In fact you can us 90 just cool
wager this may be just
when u steffi on ruinberg on
bottom base dozens of just myself where
you should have shown but we saw that
arcade coped with it very easily and
there unity who usually know everything
all these nuances they could not do anything
make against arcade
they barely escaped contact center should
against toda la human
it sorted out the center of the map as well
come on controversial but we have a choir
departure here again I am teams on the score
disappointed here I will say as they are
parted widely this again df this
just again deft commands nose core i5
devyainostykov under the mountain I do not think I
I think that you see such a falcon on
fritz i see where the flag is i believe
that they are still fit downhill
stop looking there is no arcade in
start and then go on the attack why
then I think it will be exactly sins
inside this transform strategy yet either
either apple or will still attack
the flash will not go top get shot
put Persha infoy ie since
the ostrich broke the radio station there
written according to even that is
falcon and there are cliffs see the points clearly
where are well and here is the position
far which
which tells all the difference
teams on slope 1 tank 2 tank two t1 and
3 under the mountain this df is a dev even though the crowd
1391 have just been playing
objects to foot or glory meetings
the next bar will be by
more interesting there fights
Well, I would be interested to know exactly because
those that really a break to smell
will either happen what team
weplay here they are in the ground and hard to
tried to attack now tried
Attack
all Daniel in Tijuana will not pass
three cards you know about before that
try to do and try to really you
do something interesting to them just here in
one moment they will be lucky they will guess 10
and all the next part of our show
start looking yes rhinoceros could three
Graces while absolutely they are cities from you
so hard fire with which you are many
teams have not been played so many times
in a row stand in such a defy it
Well, let's think about what team plan
Nashorna in general is what's the idea
idea
and that's exactly the first two cards
will play for a draw will remain n and
stop for immediately fall out look mean
mines
it means the mines remain well in general there
it is said we will watch we wait
some kind of aggressive action from teams
but I have a pause in the north
at least this top five nobody
moves shooter with best adviser falcon
Oberst pressed at 9 all and pause went
show you the FORTRAN Ivan Schultz is
well publish please please
here she herself Schultz does not see us squad
closer then masking looked ahtung
position well well threw up cool threw
the trees became a bunch of such specially
disguised and and became on such
exalted to give back to
center if anything goes so small
safe for a bunch of notes in general are kid
something to say naiad general stand and i
also stand here is amazing
paradox team falcon
give a sprig here look wipley can
blinds shooting through breakthrough
already yurka mole nt1 drove up to arrogant in
x-ray chick became good
position taken i think warm ones will try
now something else interesting to arrange
total dates sumatra there is a scheme
fossa that float to work bye
blinds to try out positions that can
them at the office
zasvety betray total will leave the
this line will surely be here because you're here
he counters the third
in order to leave you could wear
he makes some space for himself
Well, time is less and less 2
minutes 50 seconds friends and we in my
need someone to start an attack either
let's go to the next card differently
indeed we will live to see
tiebreak allowed rivers sing there
tears someone will have to attack we judge
will have to take a bunch of damage
I hope but now guys are doing
should home we discussed this so they
just a thousand it will only give because i
I repeat once more my friends reminded me before
The first thing I talked about is the two series from
five matches
maybe 3 series need to win two
series but if after five cards each
draw series goes extra card
if there's another extra draw
card if there is a draw goes tie break here
on the sandy river at assault who
the one who defends is chosen by the team
which is for the previous 5
it turns out the map dealt more damage a
this is tt hastily at the moment
I remember the mines and in general, so far
what
tt us corn du they lived on a tiebreak
drag the match against and everything is fine there and
stuffed more damage will stay cards and
six more guys and another 6 well, hardly
of course well maybe maybe a guy
our such principled straight is not at all
okay since you don't attack us either
don't we stop our whole go
variants and so there is going to stand
well, look everything minutes deny all attacks
already there they went to the principle of me
it seems not even go not planned
nothing much even on the cliff can go
on principle we are now convinced of this
that no one wants to risk it
first seca and here's your screen for now
I turn on something on the site
brought quotas on which card they last
time
played up to each other that's very
interesting now I'll see come on come on
this match let's tell you all this
information letters while watching for
By arrangement of rhinos they are wide here
front stretched out
at its base the exit from behind the slide goes on
the very fact that the cat oh-she-she-she poor
hey harry got
oh and burns it happens just rely
put out
reservation there is schultz already getting off the slide
But this time patterns 42 late main
that the Korea team and it will still need
catch the catch kill 40 seconds
this is yes in the center
no pushing as a result of trying
humana for stove he gets to break through
and human just leave the lighthouse they
continue on the new water for 30 seconds and
nashorna somehow
paused but the guys understood me
that time is nothing in candles
then you can look for everything again
played by guy we will look for
rhinoceros which are worth cost and
stand oh generally visible humana which
apparently Schultz and will try
work 9 seconds before the end of the round
us draw 3 card in a row first set
pretty marochnik and so far but at the end
at the end can be funny so here
cards we had a score of 30 remind
go play you played in the ruinberg mines
and nsk and ruinberg was already
burma burrows as a suicide
And on ruinberg won in 5 minutes